README.md, before:

# Triton Pathways

A web platform for tracking and managing micromobility incidents on the UCSD campus. This application helps identify safety trends and areas needing attention to improve campus mobility safety.

## Features

- Interactive incident reporting with map location selection
- Real-time incident visualization through markers and heatmaps
- Comprehensive incident tracking with detailed information
- Photo upload capability for better documentation
- CSV import/export functionality for data management
- Dark mode support for comfortable viewing
- Mobile-responsive design

## Tech Stack

- Python 3.13
- Flask (Web Framework)
- SQLite (Database)
- SQLAlchemy (Database ORM)
- Bootstrap 5 (Frontend Framework)
- Leaflet.js (Interactive Maps)

## Local Development Setup

1. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Create a `.env` file from the example:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Then edit `.env` with your configuration:
   ```
   FLASK_APP=run.py
   FLASK_ENV=development
   SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key-here
   DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///app.db
   UPLOAD_FOLDER=app/static/uploads
   ```

4. Initialize the database:
   ```bash
   flask db upgrade
   ```

5. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   python run.py
   ```
   The application will be available at http://localhost:5000

## Testing

Run tests with pytest:
```bash
pytest
```

For test coverage report:
```bash
coverage run -m pytest
coverage report
coverage html  # For detailed HTML report
```

## Database Management

The application uses SQLite for data storage. The database file is located at `instance/app.db`.

To reset or initialize the database:
1. Delete the `instance/app.db` file (if it exists)
2. Run `flask db upgrade` to create tables using migrations

For database schema changes:
1. Make your model changes
2. Run `flask db migrate -m "Description of changes"`
3. Run `flask db upgrade` to apply the changes

## Creating an Admin Account

When registering the first user in the system, select the "Admin" role in the registration form. This account will have administrative privileges for the application.

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details or visit [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) for more information.

## Acknowledgments

- UCSD Transportation Services for inspiration
- OpenStreetMap for map data
- Bootstrap Icons for the icon set

Commit message:

Remove Testing section and enhance Acknowledgments in README

README.md, after:

# Triton Pathways

A web platform for tracking and managing micromobility incidents on the UCSD campus. This application helps identify safety trends and areas needing attention to improve campus mobility safety.

## Features

- Interactive incident reporting with map location selection
- Real-time incident visualization through markers and heatmaps
- Comprehensive incident tracking with detailed information
- Photo upload capability for better documentation
- CSV import/export functionality for data management
- Dark mode support for comfortable viewing
- Mobile-responsive design

## Tech Stack

- Python 3.13
- Flask (Web Framework)
- SQLite (Database)
- SQLAlchemy (Database ORM)
- Bootstrap 5 (Frontend Framework)
- Leaflet.js (Interactive Maps)

## Local Development Setup

1. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Create a `.env` file from the example:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Then edit `.env` with your configuration:
   ```
   FLASK_APP=run.py
   FLASK_ENV=development
   SECRET_KEY=your-secret-key-here
   DATABASE_URL=sqlite:///app.db
   UPLOAD_FOLDER=app/static/uploads
   ```

4. Initialize the database:
   ```bash
   flask db upgrade
   ```

5. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   python run.py
   ```
   The application will be available at http://localhost:5000

## Database Management

The application uses SQLite for data storage. The database file is located at `instance/app.db`.

To reset or initialize the database:
1. Delete the `instance/app.db` file (if it exists)
2. Run `flask db upgrade` to create tables using migrations

For database schema changes:
1. Make your model changes
2. Run `flask db migrate -m "Description of changes"`
3. Run `flask db upgrade` to apply the changes

## Creating an Admin Account

When registering the first user in the system, select the "Admin" role in the registration form. This account will have administrative privileges for the application.

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details or visit [Creative Commons](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) for more information.

## Acknowledgments

- UCSD Transportation Services for inspiration and data on campus mobility patterns
- OpenStreetMap for providing map data
- Leaflet.js for the interactive mapping library
- Bootstrap Icons for the comprehensive icon set
- The Flask framework and its extensions for web application development
- SQLAlchemy and Flask-Migrate for database management
- The open source community for inspiration and tools that made this project possible
